c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Project.exe
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Project.deps.json
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Project.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Project.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Project.pdb
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Project.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.pdb
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\Project.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Project.dll
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\Dungeon tileset.xnb
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\dust_.xnb
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\excalibur_.xnb
c:\Users\warre\OneDrive\Bureaublad\School\2\Game development\Project\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\lancelot_.xnb
